when it comes to journeys I've had my
fair share during one of my recent
travels in India I got to explore the
country far and wide and that's when I
discovered this exquisite slice of
Oceanside paradise called cuddley Beach
quigley beach is located in gokarna in
south india
just south of goa I came here because I
was looking for a place to rest and
relax and that's exactly what I found
travelers come here from around the
world to escape the cold winter months
back home and that's because this is the
perfect place to slow down make some new
friends enjoy being at the beach and
just get a different perspective on life
I also really like Cooley Beach because
it's a great place for families it's not
uncommon to see mother is traveling here
with little children and when you're
here on cuddley and the surrounding
beaches it's really easy to eat well
this Talia and Half Moon Beach makes me
feel like an island queen and it costs
me less than a dollar this is a great
place to learn a new skill
for example while I was there I took two
fire-spinning
which I practiced a lot on the beach
other travelers do acrobatics juggling
and yoga oh and especially yoga I
actually discovered my favorite yoga
teacher on this Beach Hari is so good
and he taught me how to do a headstand
after just a few classes oh and by the
way the nearest town is called gokarna
and you get there by walking or taking a
cheap rickshaw ride I love going there
this place it's full of history and
vibrantly colored buildings interesting
things to buy and of course cows
I fell in love with the night time on
could we beach because that's when I get
to light my fire
crizzley Beach is a magical place that
attracts the most interesting people
from all walks of life I really enjoyed
my time here and I can't wait to go back